DOC-2055: Added TINY-9500 to the release notes. (#2766)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

For information on the **Merge Tags** plugin, see: xref:mergetags.adoc[Merge Tags].

> === Powerpaste 6.1.5
> 
> The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Power Paste** premium plugin.
> 
> **Power Paste** 6.1.5 includes one fix:
> 
> === Existing tables were not filled out when pasting tables from Word and Excel.
> //#TINY-9500
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, when the PowerPaste plugin was active and a table was copied from Microsoft Word or Excel into a {productname} editor, the copied table would be pasted as a whole table into one cell, rather than merging the content of the copied table into the cells of the existing table.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, this issue has been fixed.
> 
> As a result, when a table is copied and pasted into an existing table within {productname} editor, it correctly fills the cells of the existing table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== PowerPaste 6.2.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Power Paste** premium plugin.

**PowerPaste** 6.2.0 includes one fix:

=== Existing tables were not filled out when pasting tables from Microsoft Word or Microsoft Excel.
//#TINY-9500

Previously, when the PowerPaste plugin was active and a table was copied from Microsoft Word or Micrsoft Excel into a {productname} editor, the copied table pasted as a whole table into a single cell, rather than merging the content of the copied table into the cells of the existing table.

PowerPaste 6.2.0 addresses this.

With this release, when a table is copied and pasted from Microsoft Word or Microsoft Excel into an existing {productname} table, it correctly fills the cells of the existing table.

For information on the **PowerPaste** plugin, see: xref:introduction-to-powerpaste.adoc[Introduction to PowerPaste].
```

1. Edits
2. Updated version number as per the [PowerPaste2 changelog](https://github.com/tinymce/powerpaste2/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
3. Added _for information_ line.
